Docs/cdc documentation (#639)
k8ssandra/k8ssandra-operator: docs/enable-cdc.md

# Using CDC to Apache Pulsar

If you have an Apache Pulsar cluster available you can make data flow from Apache Cassandra into Apache Pulsar when it undergoes a mutation using our CDC (Change Data Capture) functionality.

This can be useful in real time data integration scenarios, where you want to feed data into multiple data stores but don't want to modify your application to write to all of them (this often introduces complexities around acknowledgements, retries and consistency).

At present, only Pulsar destinations are supported, however Pulsar has a wide array of connectors which can then feed data into diverse downstream systems.

## How to enable CDC 

### Have a Pulsar cluster available

Firstly, you will need a Pulsar Cluster available. One can be deployed for test purposes by running the below commands:

```
helm repo add datastax-pulsar https://datastax.github.io/pulsar-helm-chart
helm repo update
helm install pulsar --create-namespace -n pulsar datastax-pulsar/pulsar
```

> ### Deploy a KL8ssandraDatacenter
> 
> Next, you'll want to deploy a K8ssandraDatacenter with the Pulsar service's location referenced:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy a K8ssandraCluster

Next, you'll want to deploy a K8ssandraCluster with the Pulsar service's location referenced:
```

> ### Deploy a KL8ssandraDatacenter
> 
> Next, you'll want to deploy a K8ssandraDatacenter with the Pulsar service's location referenced:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Deploy a K8ssandraCluster

Next, you'll want to deploy a K8ssandraCluster with the Pulsar service's location referenced:
```

```
apiVersion: k8ssandra.io/v1alpha1
kind: K8ssandraCluster
metadata:
  name: test
spec:
  cassandra:
    serverVersion: "4.0.4"
    datacenters:
      - metadata:
          name: dc1
        size: 3
        cdc:
          pulsarServiceUrl: pulsar://pulsar-proxy.pulsar.svc.cluster.local:6650
        storageConfig:
          cassandraDataVolumeClaimSpec:
            storageClassName: standard
            accessModes:
              - ReadWriteOnce
            resources:
              requests:
                storage: 5Gi
```

> ### Create your tables with cdc=enabled
> 
> When creating your tables, you'll need to do so with cdc=enabled as below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create your tables with cdc enabled

When creating your tables, you'll need to do so with `cdc=true` as below:
```
